README.md, before:

# Home Assistant QBR Add-on: Victoria Metrics

[![GitHub Release][releases-shield]][releases]
![Project Stage][project-stage-shield]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE.md)

![Supports aarch64 Architecture][aarch64-shield]
![Supports amd64 Architecture][amd64-shield]
![Supports armhf Architecture][armhf-shield]
![Supports armv7 Architecture][armv7-shield]
![Supports i386 Architecture][i386-shield]

[![Github Actions][github-actions-shield]][github-actions]
![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]


![Victoria Metrics in the Home Assistant](images/screenshot.png)

## About

The analytics platform for all your metrics.

To Write

[:books: Read the full add-on documentation][docs]

## Support

Got questions?

You could [open an issue here][issue] GitHub.

## Contributing

This is an active open-source project. We are always open to people who want to
use the code or contribute to it.

We have set up a separate document containing our
[contribution guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Thank you for being involved! :heart_eyes:

## Authors & contributors

The original setup of this repository is by [Quentin BERTRAND][QuentinBtd].

For a full list of all authors and contributors,
check [the contributor's page][contributors].

## We have got some Home Assistant add-ons for you

Want some more functionality to your Home Assistant instance?

We have created multiple add-ons for Home Assistant. For a full list, check out
our [GitHub Repository][repository].

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023-2024 Quentin BERTRAND

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

[aarch64-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/aarch64-yes-green.svg
[amd64-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/amd64-yes-green.svg
[armhf-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/armhf-no-red.svg
[armv7-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/armv7-yes-green.svg
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics.svg
[commits]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/commits/main
[contributors]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/graphs/contributors
[docs]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/blob/main/grafana/DOCS.md
[QuentinBtd]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd
[github-actions-shield]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[github-actions]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/actions
[github-sponsors-shield]: https://QuentinBtd.dev/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/github_sponsor.png
[github-sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors/QuentinBtd
[i386-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/i386-no-red.svg
[issue]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics.svg
[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2023.svg
[project-stage-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20stage-production%20ready-brightgreen.svg
[releases-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics.svg
[releases]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/releases
[repository]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addons

Commit message:

docs: update documentation for VictoriaMetrics
- Add a description of VictoriaMetrics as a high-performance, scalable time series database
- Mention the features of VictoriaMetrics, including native Prometheus support, robust querying capabilities, and cost-effective long-term storage solutions
- Highlight that VictoriaMetrics is designed for simplicity and ease of use, suitable for both small and large-scale deployments
- Suggest combining VictoriaMetrics with the Grafana add-on for powerful insights

Signed-off-by: Quentin BERTRAND <contact@quentinbertrand.fr>

README.md, after:

# Home Assistant QBR Add-on: Victoria Metrics

[![GitHub Release][releases-shield]][releases]
![Project Stage][project-stage-shield]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE.md)

![Supports aarch64 Architecture][aarch64-shield]
![Supports amd64 Architecture][amd64-shield]
![Supports armhf Architecture][armhf-shield]
![Supports armv7 Architecture][armv7-shield]
![Supports i386 Architecture][i386-shield]

[![Github Actions][github-actions-shield]][github-actions]
![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]


![Victoria Metrics in the Home Assistant](images/screenshot.png)

## About

The analytics platform for all your metrics.

VictoriaMetrics is a high-performance, scalable time series database known for its efficiency in storing and querying large volumes of metrics data. It's an ideal replacement for Prometheus and InfluxDB, offering advanced data compression and fast query execution. Key features include native Prometheus support, robust querying capabilities, and cost-effective long-term storage solutions. Designed with simplicity and ease of use in mind, VictoriaMetrics provides a reliable platform for monitoring and analytics at scale. Its architecture ensures optimal resource utilization, making it suitable for both small and large-scale deployments.

Combine this add-on with the Grafana add-on to get insanely powerful insights to your home.

[:books: Read the full add-on documentation][docs]

## Support

Got questions?

You could [open an issue here][issue] GitHub.

## Contributing

This is an active open-source project. We are always open to people who want to
use the code or contribute to it.

We have set up a separate document containing our
[contribution guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Thank you for being involved! :heart_eyes:

## Authors & contributors

The original setup of this repository is by [Quentin BERTRAND][QuentinBtd].

For a full list of all authors and contributors,
check [the contributor's page][contributors].

## We have got some Home Assistant add-ons for you

Want some more functionality to your Home Assistant instance?

We have created multiple add-ons for Home Assistant. For a full list, check out
our [GitHub Repository][repository].

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023-2024 Quentin BERTRAND

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

[aarch64-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/aarch64-yes-green.svg
[amd64-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/amd64-yes-green.svg
[armhf-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/armhf-no-red.svg
[armv7-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/armv7-yes-green.svg
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics.svg
[commits]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/commits/main
[contributors]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/graphs/contributors
[docs]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/blob/main/grafana/DOCS.md
[QuentinBtd]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd
[github-actions-shield]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[github-actions]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/actions
[github-sponsors-shield]: https://QuentinBtd.dev/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/github_sponsor.png
[github-sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors/QuentinBtd
[i386-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/i386-no-red.svg
[issue]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics.svg
[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2023.svg
[project-stage-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20stage-production%20ready-brightgreen.svg
[releases-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics.svg
[releases]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addon-victoria-metrics/releases
[repository]: https://github.com/QuentinBtd/hassio-addons
